Moving the guide content to the new format (#4361)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/dbt-cloud-tips.md

- Use [severity](/reference/resource-configs/severity) thresholds to set an acceptable number of failures for a test.
- Use [incremental_strategy](/docs/build/incremental-models#about-incremental_strategy) in your incremental model config to implement the most effective behavior depending on the volume of your data and reliability of your unique keys.
- Set `vars` in your `dbt_project.yml` to define global defaults for certain conditions, which you can then override using the `--vars` flag in your commands.

> - Use [for loops](/guides/using-jinja#use-a-for-loop-in-models-for-repeated-sql) in Jinja to [DRY](https://docs.getdbt.com/terms/dry) up repetitive logic, such as selecting a series of columns that all require the same transformations and naming patterns to be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use [for loops](/guides/using-jinja?step=3) in Jinja to <Term id="dry">DRY</Term> up repetitive logic, such as selecting a series of columns that all require the same transformations and naming patterns to be applied.
```
